You will find in this document all the information needed to start working with us. Thanks for helping us scaling!
 
ICP (Ideal candidate profile)
The Recruiter will send you the ICP for the role once we are ready to kick off the opening. This is a document filled by each hiring manager with detailed information - This is For internal use, please don't share this file with the candidates. 
 
Application questions
Please when submitting a candidate provide the answer to this questions:
 
Mattermost application questions (for all the roles)
- Why are you applying for this position at Mattermost (other than it being a remote position)?
- On a scale of 1 (not a fit) to 10 (perfect fit) how would you rate your potential fit for the role for which you're applying?
- Please tell us why you've chosen such a rating.
- Have you used Mattermost previously or contributed to the open source project? If so, please tell us the ways you've been involved.
- Experience working at open source software companies

Role related questions
Each of the openings have their own application questions. You can find them on the ICP. Please send the answers along with the candidate´s resume. Make sure to send the original resume not an agency-customized one.

For the agency:
Please provide detailed information on how this candidate matches each of the requirements of the job description (bullet by bullet).
 
Hiring Across the Globe
We currently support hiring in the following countries/regions:

Canada, Chile, Finland, Georgia, Germany, India, Mauritius, Philippines, Poland, South Africa, Turkey, Ukraine, United Kingdom, United States

We are constantly working towards adding more countries/regions to this list, but it takes a lot of time and resources. This list will be updated as we are able to hire in additional countries/regions. Due to local laws, there may be restrictions on which types of roles we can hire in each country/region.

We currently have staff in the following U.S. states:
AZ CA CO FL GA IN KS MA MD MI MO NC NJ NV NY OK SC TN TX UT VA WA WI

Preparing to hire an employee in a new state takes time, and we may be subject to new regulations, taxes, and reporting obligations. If a candidate is progressing in the interview process and would be living and working from a U.S. state not listed above, the Recruiter will DM finance with the state and the title of the position the candidate may fill at least three weeks prior to an anticipated offer.
 
Sign up to our Mattermost and join us there!
How to join the community?
Go to https://community.mattermost.com and join the Contributors channel to ask questions. Once you joined, please ping me (teresa.novoa)
 
In order to facilitate the communication, we would like you to join our Community. We will create a channel for you, the Hiring Manager,  Natalie Jew (HR Director) and myself (Recruiting Manager) to interact there. At first, we will try to calibrate the potential candidates you may have. Then, as you will have access to Lever (our ATS), you will first upload candidates there, and you can ping us on Mattermost anytime if you have any further questions around them. Please keep all the conversation in that channel. 
 
Lever
You should have an invite on your inbox. Let me know if you need help, hope you find it very intuitive and easy to use.
 
Important note: Make sure to add the candidate´s location and email address. We will handle the communication with them, and you will be automatically cc´d in all the email exchanges.
 
Salary information
Please send me a separate email with the candidate's salary expectations (gross p/year). Hiring Managers are not involved in salary discussions, and we also do not share salary information on Mattermost chat. Please keep this CONFIDENTIAL.
 
How we pay:
US: full time employees (USD + equity)
Canada: full time employees (CAD + equity), pay-checks are run by an agency. All other benefits are directly with Mattermost.
Germany: full time employees - we have our own entity (€ /equity offer)
UK: full time employees - we have our own entity (€/ equity offer)
India: full time employees (INR/ no equity offer), pay-checks are run by an agency (3K technologies). All other benefits are directly with Mattermost.
Rest of the world: independent contractors (USD/ no equity offer). All other benefits are directly with Mattermost.

Benefits:
Paid time off policy
Holidays: Please take off holidays relevant to your culture, resident country/region, and preferences
Join us at Mattercon, team meetings and/or Conferences
We also provide work equipment (computer, office supplies, etc.
